# A



## Alpha
Measure of risk-adjusted performance. An alpha is usually generated by regressing the security or mutual fund's excess return on the S&P 500 excess return. The beta adjusts for the risk (the slope coefficient). The alpha is the intercept. Example: Suppose the mutual fund has a return of 25%, and the short-term interest rate is 5% (excess return is 20%). During the same time the market excess return is 9%. Suppose the beta of the mutual fund is 2.0 (twice as risky as the S&P 500). The expected excess return given the risk is 2 x 9%=18%. The actual excess return is 20%. Hence, the alpha is 2% or 200 basis points. Alpha is also known as the Jensen Index. Related: Risk-adjusted return.

## Arbitrage
A transaction with zero cost initially but will end up with positive cash flow at the end.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbitrage

## Asset-Backed Security
A security that is collateralized by loans, leases, receivables, or installment contracts on personal property, not real estate.
## Account 			
Record of all transactions

### Account Balance  	
Amount of money in an account

## Appreciation 
A currency is said to appreciate when price rises in response to market demand; 
an increase in the value of an asset. 

## Arbitrage 
Taking advantage of countervailing prices in different markets by the purchase or sale of an instrument and simultaneous taking of an equal and opposite position in a related market to profit from small price differentials. 

## ASSET - ACTIF

Bien, avoir, capital, atout, avantage
Item, thing or entity that has potential or actual value to an organization
Plant, machinery, property, buildings, vehicles and other items (wider than physical assets) that have a distinct value to the organization

### ASSET CLASSES
- CASH EQUITIES
- BONDS
- FOREX
- STOCK LENDING 
- REPO

CROSS ASSETS:
FX and Money Markets
Rates
Credit
Fixed Income
Equities
Commodities
Structured Products
Precious Metals

### Multi-Asset Class
An investment that combines a number of asset classes, for example stocks and bonds.

### Asset management 	
    
"coordinated activity of an organization to realize value from assets"
Asset Management involves the balancing of costs, opportunities and risks against the desired performance of assets, 
to achieve the organizational objectives. This balancing might need to be considered over diffrerent timeframes.

### asset manager (gérant d´actifs)
http://www.abcbourse.com/apprendre/20_asset_manager.html

## Ask, Offer 		
The price, or rate, that a willing seller is prepared to sell at. 

## Ausie 			
The Australian Dollar 


