## CIL (Common Intermediate Language)

.NET binaries do not contain platform specific instructions, but rather platform-agnostic intermediate language (IL) and type metadata.

IL (Intermediate Language), CIL (Common Intermediate Language), and MSIL (Microsoft Intermediate Language) are all describing the same thing.

When a *.dll or *.exe has been created using a .NET-aware compiler, the resulting module is bundled into an assembly.

An assembly contains CIL code, which is conceptually similar to Java bytecode in that is not compiled into platform specific instructions until absolutely necessary such as CIL is referenced for use by the .NET runtime.

The CIL code is housed in .NET assemblies. As mandated by specification, assemblies are stored in the Portable Executable (PE) format, common on the Windows platform for all dll and exe files.

In addition to CIL instructions, assemblies also contain metadata that describes the characteristics of every type within the binary. In other words, all CIL is self-describing through .NET metadata. The CLR checks the metadata to ensure that the correct method is called. Metadata is usually generated by language compilers but developers can create their own metadata through custom attributes. Metadata contains information about the assembly, and is also used to implement the reflective programming capabilities of .NET Framework.

In addition to CIL and type metadata, assemblies themselves are also described using metadata, which is officially termed a manifest. The manifest contains information about the current version of the assembly, culture information (used for localizing string and image resources), and a list of all externally referenced assemblies that are required for proper execution.

### CIL Benefits 

What is gained by compiling source code into CIL rather than directly to a specific instruction set?
One benefit is language integration. Since each .NET-aware compiler produces nearly identical CIL instructions, all languages are able to interact within a well-defined binary arena.

Given that CIL is platform-agnostic, the .NET Framework itself is platform-agnostic, providing the same benefits Java developers have accustomed to: single code base running on several OS. Actually, there is an international standard for the C# language, and a large subset of the .NET platform and implementation already exist for many non-Windows OS.